in todays lecture i learnt bout Introduction to Database Management System.

but before we delve straight into what is Database Management System (DBMS),
Side Note : please the name is so long and I am very very enthusiased bout typing
so for that reason I will be calling it DBMS right ?, Thank you, you welcome.


back to what we were discussing, so before I start DBMS, we have a few concepts to 
put into consideration, I love asking myself alot of questions before learning a concept
and but one main one is this:

1. why do i have to learn that concept ?

let me not bore you with long talk,
 Linus Trovald: "Talk is cheap show me the code"[click here](https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/437173-talk-is-cheap-show-me-the-code)

1. what is Data ??
2. what is information ??
3. what is Database ??
4. what is DBMS ??
 Why should one study DBMS ??

now what is Data ?:

    data is  raw fact (unprocessed) that we have to process to get information right??

what is information ?
    Information is the outcome of a processed Data.
    
    lets's consider this Data of a student == NAME, CLASS, AGE, GRADE, AVERAGE etc ...
    
    all of this listed here are Data right ?? which is actually the Data of student right ??,
     
    at the end of the term the students result is out, we can consider that student result as 
    
    "information" right ?? cause it's what we got after working with the students DATA.

what is Database ?:
    if you have ever stored you girlfriend phone Number on a piece of paper or written a love
    love letter to your girlfriend using a paper, can i shock you ??, you aware that you have just utilized the
    power of Database ??, why the example is weird lol.... buh that's the reality of Database,
    
    now let's analyse what happend there, you know you could basically walk up to her and confess
    your feelings right ??, buh you chose to write it down, what is the use case  of that ?? is so
    that she can make reference to it anytime any day in her life and remember you right ??, that is
    indeed Database, cause all of your data is stored in a paper right ??, 
    Database is the collection and organization of Data so that they can be easily managed,
    retrieved and updated.

    buh now it is different in the world of computer.
        computers make use harddisk and someother computer based storage devices, even cloud
        don't freak out not heavily cloud tho lol ... (more on that later),
         to store data so that you can access it anytime, anywhere, unlike your love letter that
        mere heat can make the ink to be faded out, don't mind my boring jokes bout your creativity.
        access them anytime, any day, any where, unlike the love letter that ca
